This is Seoul City
Numerous miracles have come true
A special star rises among the hidden stars
Full of odd things, never changes
A bustling street
Everything that gets in the way on the streets
Clean it up clean it up, get back
A can that's shiny on the outside, empty on the inside
Kick it kick it kick it
Swerving, I’m speeding on Serpent Road
Luxurious like I’m an S-Class
Best of the best on First Class
I’m up above the world so high
I’ll be there shining day and night
They wonder how my spotlight is so bright
Counting stars
The most special star, star, star, star, star, star, the odd one, That’s me
All, all, all, all, all, all sorts of things are my work
(Bling Bling)
Everyday
Flashy, flashy
It’s flashy, we're S-Class
Light spreads, the star shines brighter
I take big hip-hop steps, being special is my specialty
I come and go on special episodes as if it’s my house
I don’t envy studios, got the VIP room
Swarming with unique features
The nobodies who look around carelessly
have a habit of jumping on anything that’s shiny no no
Be the one to shine instead of chasing after what’s shiny
That’s much easier to show off, Shine like a diamond k?
Swerving, I’m speeding on Serpent Road
Luxurious like I’m an S-Class
Best of the best on First Class
I’m up above the world so high
I’ll be there shining day and night
They wonder how my spotlight is so bright
Counting stars
The most special star, star, star, star, star, star, the odd one, That’s me
All, all, all, all, all, all sorts of things are my work
(Bling Bling)
Everyday
Flashy, flashy
It’s flashy, we're S-Class
Light spreads, the star shines brighter
I feel like the brightest star, light floods in tonight
When I look up, my image is embroidered in the sky yeah yeah
Stick around in the same place, STAY yeah
Shining people, that’s our intro, We're special yeah
Stray Kids, I’ve got special forces behind me
Being on Stage, that itself is special already
We don’t need an audience for the festival
No need for restrictions when letting things loose
Limited Edition, what’s unique becomes special
Make what’s opaque clear, reflect upon it over and over again
Energy stands out, audience is immersed
Our light becomes one, lighting up every corner here
Counting stars S-Class
(Counting stars S-Class)
Feeling extra (Bling Bling)
Everyday
Flashy, flashy
It’s flashy, we're S-Class
Light spreads, the star shines brighter